=== Chilli Source Change Log ===

Version 1.3.3, 2015-02-24:
	- Labels now support inclusion of Icons in text.
	- Improved the Facebook Post system and updated to the latest version of the Facebook SDK on both iOS and Android. 
	- Facebook on Android is now an Android Extension. To use it add CS_ANDROIDEXTENSION_FACEBOOK to the pre-processor definitions in Android.mk and import the Facebook library project into eclipse. This can be found in the engine in the Libraries/Android/Projects/ directory.
	- The Google Play Services android library project is now included in the engine, and can be found in the Libraries/Android/Projects/ directory. This should be used instead of copying a new version into the workspace.
	- The CkAudioPlayer now has separate setters for music and effect volume.
	- Fixed Android compiler errors when building on a linux machine. This was caused by in-correct case in include paths.
    - Change errant log when failing to open file in JsonUtils.

Version 1.3.2, 2015-01-23:
	- Added new tool which provides a cross platform interface for the Cricket Audio cktool.
	- Made a number of improvements to projects generated by the Project Generator including: improved default asset pipeline, iOS 8 launch images and icons and fixes.
	- Fix: Solved an issue with md5 and sha1 file hashing on Android.
	- Fix: RTT can be used without supplying a UI canvas.
	- Fix: It's now possible to have a null drawable on a ui widget.

Version 1.3.1, 2015-01-09:
	- Add convenience methods to Widget Factory for building all the in-built widget types.
	- Added a creation method for creating Particle Effect Components to the Render Component Factory.
	- Fixed a crash bug on Android.

Version 1.3.0, 2015-01-09:
	- Added the new UI system.
	- Added a new particle system.
	- Added a Cricket audio system.
	- Added a new property map for containing heterogeneous types.
	- Added new dynamic_array which is based on std::dynarray which was originally proposed in the C++14 standard, but was later removed to be re-added at a later date.
	- Added Random utilty class for thread-safe random number generation.
	- Added new Json utility class, which provides convenience methods for working with Json.
	- Improved the Tween API.
	- Removed several features that have been superceeded by improved implementations: The old GUI system, the old particle system, MathUtils::FRand() and Utils::ReadJson().
	- Removed the reflection functionality as it was incomplete and only used by the old GUI system.
	- Removed Debug Stats as it relied heavily on the old GUI system. This will be re-implemented in the new system in the not too distant future.

Version 1.2.1, 2014-11-17:
	- Models exported from Blender can now be converted to CSModel format using the ColladaToCSModel tool.
	- Improved the HTTP Request System API. Also replaced the iOS HTTP Request System internals with NSURLConnection. This resulted in removal of GetBytesRead() from the HTTP interface.
	- Updated iOS Facebook SDK.
	- ContentDownloader now allows a custom hashing delegate to be provided rather than being explicitly MD5.
	- ContentDownloader now defaults to using SHA-1 hash.
	- Fixed a bug in the font maker tool which resulted in different characters that were identical being rendered incorrectly.
	- Fixed a bug that prevented the font maker tool runnning on windows.
	- Fixed a bug with state system that could result in resume/suspend being called out of order causing an assertion.
	- Fix for MakeConnectableDelegate which was crashing due to implicit move.

Version 1.2.0, 2014-11-07:
	- Replaced the existing Font Builder tool with a new version. Unlike the previous tool this can be run on Windows, OSX and Linux, and fonts can be generated from command line. Fonts can also have a number of effects applied including outlines, glow and drop shadows.
	- Font rendering has been significantly improved. This involved updating the font format so any existing fonts will need to be rebuilt. 
	- CSModelExport is now correctly working again.
	- Updated the android backend for Android 5.0.
	- Updated the android backed to use the latest NDK build pipeline.

Version 1.1.5, 2014-11-03:
	- Fixed a windows specific crash on closing an application.

Version 1.1.4, 2014-10-24:
	- Changed the Application::GetSystems() method so that it returns a vector of systems rather than taking a vector of systems as an output parameter.
	- Added a GetSystems() method to State.
	- Added constant versions of system getters to Application and State.
	- Changed WorkerQueue to concurrent_blocking_queue and changed its API to ensure it is thread-safe. This solves the thread-safety issues with the TaskScheduler.
	- Fixed issue with missing includes in the Vector classes and StandardMacros.h.

Version 1.1.3, 2014-10-20:
	- Project generator will now error if the output directory is inside Chilli Source. This was causing recursive file copy issues when copying Chilli Source to the project directory.

Version 1.1.2, 2014-10-16:
	- Added CSProjectGenerator, a tool for generating new Chilli Source project.

Version 1.1.1, 2014-10-10:
	- All App Systems now correctly receive life cycle events prior to States.
	- Simplified the command line interface for the ColladaToCSModel and ColladaToCSAnim tools and re-added the ability to change coordinate system handedness.
	- Updated the package name in all java code from com.chillisource.* to com.chilliworks.chillisource.*
	- Fixed a bug in Colour::Clamp() where by default alpha was clamping between 1 and 1 rather than 0 and 1.
	- Swapped the parameters in Timer::OpenConnection() to be more lambda friendly.
	- Fixed typos in the documentation for the CSAtlas Builder.

Version 1.1.0, 2014-09-26:  
 	- Replaced the gesture system.
 	- UDIDs on Android are now generated from the Google Play Services Advertising Id when building for Google Play. This requires the inclusion of the Goole Play Services library in all Android projects.
 	- Adding accessor to Tween for getting the parametric T value
 	- The GUI System no longer allows consumption of moved events.
 	- The Pointer System no longer has a filtered version of OnPointerMoved() as this event cannot be filtered.
 	- The engine is no longer built with CS_ENABLE_DEBUGSTATS enabled in debug mode. App projects should also remove this flag.
	- Scene::Remove() is no longer public, entities must be removed from the scene using RemoveFromParent().
	- Attempting to add a widget to the scene with a parent which is not in the scene will result in an assert. 
	- Fixed bug in TexturePacker algorithm which caused padding to break for atlases and fonts.
 	- Fixed iOS 8 issues with Push and Local Notifications. 
 	- Added new concurrent vector which is thread-safe and allows additions and removals while iterating.
 	- Fixed an issue with Android context restoration.
 	- Fixed a bug where Scene::RemoveAllEntities() would assert if there was an entity with a parent in the scene.
